Now, if you're pretty serious about coding long term, this is very important to
know.
Whereas if you're just following this tutorial, it's fine.
I will match this architecture anyway.
But the most optimal way to structure code in SwiftUI is model, view, model,
and view.
So the view model kind of acts as the back end and that back end works with the
front
end and also the models to make a very cohesive app.
That was might be confusing, there's a little diagram on the screen that
explains how it
works, like user actions from the view, go back to the view model and that
transmutes
back to the model and then the view.
It's a pretty simple structure, but I generally recommend knowing or
understanding this before
we get started instead of overcomplicating code, et cetera, et cetera.
But as I said, during this tutorial, I will stick to this architecture anyway,
so you have
nothing to worry about.
But longer term, it's important to know this is very fundamental in a long
lasting app.
We'll say that.
[BLANK_AUDIO]